[TypeScript][GA Skills SDK] Update Documentation for VA/Skill Samples (#272)
southworks/botframework-solutions: docs/_docs/overview/whats-new/0.8-beta/migrate-existing-skills-to-0.8.md

        ...
    };

### TypeScript

1. The EndOfConversation activity is handled by `botbuilder@4.8.0`. Just be sure to override the `onMessageActivity` method in the `DefaultActivityHandler` bot as follows:

    ```typescript
        protected onMessageActivity(turnContext: TurnContext): Promise<void> {
            return DialogEx.run(this.dialog, turnContext, this.dialogStateAccessor);
        }
    ```

1. Add code in the exception handler of the adapter to send an EndOfConversation activity back

>     In the exception handler of the `defaultAdapter` normally located in the `adapters` folder, add code to send an `EndOfConversation` activity back to complete a conversation when exception happens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the exception handler of the `defaultAdapter` normally located in the `adapters` folder, add code to send an `EndOfConversation` activity back to complete a conversation when an exception is thrown:
```
